Fixes for 1.2 (#500)
Heegu-sama/Homm3BG: sections/units.tex

\includegraphics[height=30px]{\images/attack.png} \textbf{Attack} – The amount of damage this Unit deals when it attacks.\par
\includegraphics[height=30px]{\images/defense.png} \textbf{Defense} - The amount by which this Unit reduces oncoming Attack damage.
Does not apply to damage received from Spells or other non-attack effects.\par
\includegraphics[height=30px]{\images/hp.png} \textbf{\hypertarget{HP}{HP}} - The amount of damage required to defeat the Unit.
``Few'' Units are discarded from Combat and their owner's Unit Deck when defeated.

> ``Pack'' Units are turned back to ``Few'' Units, with any excess damage placed on their ``Few'' side.

Reviewer: what do you think about this change?

```suggestion
``Pack'' Units are turned to their ``Few'' side, with any excess damage carrying over.
```
